Add Logs callouts and fixes (#14121)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-verify-locate-data/javascript.mdx

<Expandable title="Need help locating the captured errors in your Sentry project?">

> 1. Open the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/issues) page and select an error from the issues list to view the full details and context of this error. For an interactive UI walkthrough, click [here](/product/sentry-basics/integrate-frontend/generate-first-error/#ui-walkthrough).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/issues) page and select an error from the issues list to view the full details and context of this error. For more details, see this [interactive walkthrough](/product/sentry-basics/integrate-frontend/generate-first-error/#ui-walkthrough).
```
